What why are you looking at me you want to go outside outside outside
Are you kidding me come on oh my god, what's wrong?
You're an idiot dog. Oh, he didn't mean it dad. Did you snuffles? You're a good boy.
He's a no Morty. He just peed on the carpet bad dog bad Morty come on. I need your help tonight
Hey, wait, hold on a second Rick. You wouldn't mind each inch have some sort of crazy science thing
You could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter
Would you I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior Jerry if I were you I wouldn't pull that thread come on
Morty listen Rick if you're gonna stay here rent free and use my son for your stupid science
The least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family you make that dog smart or Morty's grounded
Man boy you really got me up against the wall this time Jerry
All right ruffles what's his name snuffles snuffles shake roll over go to the bathroom
No way yeah, you're at the top of your game now Jerry have fun come on Morty
That was fantastic Rick. Yeah Morty if you like that boy you're really gonna flip your lid over this one
What is it it's a device Morty that when you put it in your ear you could enter people's dreams Morty
It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about you talking about inception. That's right Morty
This is gonna be a lot like that except you know it's gonna make sense
Inception makes sense. You don't have to try to impress me Morty listen tonight
We're gonna go into the home of your math teacher mr. Goldenfold
We're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you a's in math Morty that way you could you know
You're gonna help me with my science Morty all the time
Geez Rick and the time it took you to make this thing couldn't you just you know helped me with my homework
Are you listening to me Morty homework is stupid the whole point is to get less of it. Come on
Look, let's just get over there deal with this thing and accept your teacher
Nice mrs. Pancakes real nice
Let me get to know you damn it. Oh spoilers. I'm a full season behind
Well Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around standing around in mr. Goldenfold's house. It's really weird
It's about to get a whole lot weirder Morty
Wait then wait then I'll take two. Oh, I think you've had enough sir. You don't know me
All right, we time to make our move
We're gonna take control this plane we're gonna 9-eleven it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math
Hey, I said nobody moved buddy the name's not buddy. It's golden fold nice to week
Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated. I mean the guy teaches high school math
I didn't take him for an active dreamer. Gotta take him out so he wakes up morning
We can't get killed if you get killed in someone else's dream you die for real Morty. What are you kidding me? Oh?
Don't be a baby
Just do the same thing here and we'll be fine now bring me my slippers
Now be my foot stew will snuffles. This is what I'm talking about. This is a dog
Oh, yeah, this should play out just fine. You said the same thing equally sarcastically at our wedding and guess what?
Oh my god, he's trying to tell us something that is so awesome
He's saying I love lasagna
I
Say I love Obama so cute. I'm posting this online like right now. I should call Bob Saget. Is that still a thing?
Coming out just want to talk why would I negotiate with you because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen
And because I have a human shield
Oh
Relax Morty look
Hey, you don't know me oh no Rick look
Pretty concise Morty looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable
That's it Morty prolonging the inevitable listen if we go into Mrs. Pancake stream everything will go 100 times slower Morty
That'll buy us some time to figure this out
Man Rick this is pretty weird don't judge Morty okay alright well
Mrs. Pancakes is right over there. I'll just go ask her to tell Goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up
Whoa, whoa Morty the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea
Listen to me. We're gonna incept Mrs. Pancakes. We have to blend. I'll talk to you after lunch
Oh
Hey there stranger, what do you think of these things?
What's the matter with you Morty calm down you're kind of killing the vibe in here
It's just a summer oh cheese looks like Goldenfold has some predilection so shameful
He buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams including a pervy attract him to your underage sister
Can you blame him come on old man little boy? Let's make an intergenerational sandwich
Oh
I can't take it
Sexual hangups in the pleasure chamber on punishable
Time to go another dream
What the hell why would mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs. Pancakes's dream version of a centaur be dreaming about a scary place like this Rick
Geez, I don't know Morty what what do you want for me?
Looks like some sort of legally safe knockoff of an 80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives
I'm scary Terry you can run but you can't hide bitch
Whoa, hey buddy what you got going on there snuffles fix make better
Humans understand snuffles now that is awesome
Snuffles want to be understood
Snuffles need to be understood
Okay, yeah, I get what Beth was talking about
Fun's over whoa dad you can't like endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away. Why not? I don't know
It's Indian giving a
A sophisticated predator nature's perfect killing machine the vicious wolf stalks its prey with purpose and skill
It was only with years of selective breeding and genetic altering that this noble beast was transformed into man subservient little buddy
Oh my god, he recognizes the other dogs on TV
Oh
We have to escape into someone else's dreams Morty
Kidding me this again, oh man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here Morty. Oh geez Rick
You can travel through dreams
Oh
My testicle summer
Where are my testicle summer they will remove where have they gone? Oh
Wow, that's an intense line of questioning snuffles do not call me
Oh
Snuffles was my slave name you shall now call me snowball because my fur is pretty and white
Okay
Snowball just calm down. Okay, you're scaring me scaring you tell me summer
If a human was born with stumpy legs would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the doxen
Wow
Everything okay in here Jerry come to rub my face in urine again. No, no we were
Seeing if summer wanted to go on one of our famous midnight family walks totally let's go
You will walk when it is time to walk
Oh
What are we here for again in septic we're trying to get me to get an A in math. Oh, yeah
Sure says bitch you can run but you can't hide bitch
Well, I'm Morty, you know what he keeps saying we can run but we can't hide I say we try hiding
But that's the opposite of yeah, well since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?
Hey, you know what you got a really good point there Rick like if the truth was that we could hide
It's not like he'd be sharing that information with us, you know, I think it's a good idea Rick worst case scenario. We're back to running
Wow, you know what I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time boy Rick that was some good thinking thanks Morty
Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while
Can run but you can hide
This is perfect Morty look at that he's getting sleepy just a little bit longer before he calls it a day
That's when we make our move
Snuffles we didn't mean you any harm. This is a huge misunderstanding
Dad he wants to be called snowball. Well, I'm not calling him that that's ridiculous
You're being very aggressive Jerry perhaps tomorrow. Dr. Scrapps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery
Huh, you think you can control me with a haircut?
Hi, honey, you're home early. How was your day? I don't want to talk about it. Oh, of course you never want to talk about it
My back bitch
There not in here I
Shouldn't take my anger out on you or scary Brandon. I love you, Melissa. I love you too, Terry
Morty this is perfect after a little scary coitus. They should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him
I
Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare oh boy Rick. I can only imagine what horrible things must you know scare scary Terry
Oh, no, I'm late to class bitch. Oh, no, I'm not wearing any pants
Mr. Terry, why don't you tell the whole class the proper wordplay to use when one is chasing one's victim?
through a pumpkin patch
Hey
Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants?
You're putting too much pressure on yourself scary Terry, you know, I mean you're perfectly scary enough as it is
Yo, scary tea don't even trip about your pants dog. Here's a pair on us fool. Oh
I don't know what to say. You don't need to say anything. We got you dog. You're a boy dog. Don't even trip
It's you guys
I haven't seen him this relaxed in years
You guys never need anything just say the word as a matter of fact Terry there is something you could help us with I
Always hated that song
These halves don't look together bitch
Sex is sacred
Oh
Holy crap, god damn
No, one thing for sure. I'm giving Morty an a in math and that's my idea that is an original thought
What the hell out of the frying pan dot dot dot on Morty
What's going on well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier
Then turned on Jerry Beth in summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine Morty I
Can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart. This is why I choose to get seas
Thank God Morty you're welcome. All right, let's get out of here if we hurry
We can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over. Whoa. Whoa. We're not going anywhere
This is my house. I'm not abandoning it. It's all over Jerry
The dogs are on a path to total world domination, but hey at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right? Wait a minute. I have an idea
Gentlemen a moment of your time
See that I'm peeing all over your special guns that means I own them
That person back great plan Jerry bring the boy to me
You were always kind to me Morty that's why I will leave you with your testicles from now on
You will be my best friend and lived by my side. Thanks snuffles
Begin phase two
Fighting continues with the dog army captures the eastern sea it appears clear at this time that the era of human superiority
Has come to a bitter end
Please please don't kill me what she's saying bill. I think she's saying I love lasagna
I
Thank you Fido
You were dead. I was just playing dead good news though Morty this whole thing's gonna be over really soon
What it's a dream Morty? We're in your dog's dream the night the dogs captured us after you cried and cracked your pants
We what we all went to sleep then I use my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles dream
But it's been like a whole year. It's been six hours dreams move one one hundredth the speed of reality
And dog time is one seventh human time so you know every day here is like a minute
It's like inception Morty so if it's confusing and stupid then so is everyone's favorite movie. Oh, man
I really like this life. Well at least I didn't really crap my pants
No, no that happened before you went to sleep Morty you're sleeping in your crap right now out of all the things that happened to you
That was the only real thing that you know is that you crap your pants? I mean it's a mess out there
I got some on my hands Morty and then I got it on the dream inceptor and a piece fell in my mouth
Oh, man, geez seriously. Look don't don't don't worry about it Morty here here take these Morty take these
Are these pills supposed to wake me up or something close? It's gonna make your kidney shut down. What's necessary for the plan Morty?
Don't even trip dog
It's pretty bad in person no ball. We're gonna need to do another operation anything anything for my precious Morty sir
As your accountant I must advise you that these medical expenses are putting you in serious financial jeopardy
You could lose your kingdom to hell with my kingdom being counter
I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness. Do you think they would have done this for us? We are not them
We are not them
I
Assemble the troops I've made a decision
Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak more cruelty
Instead we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs
One that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory
I'm gonna miss you snowball. You can call me snuffles Morty, and I'm going to miss you too
very much
Jerry I'm sorry. It's just like the end of old Yeller. Oh
Jerry, I mean because it had dogs in it Wow a whole world populated by intelligent dogs
I wonder what it'll be like Rick. I think it'll be great Morty
You know it's good. It could be developed and into a very satisfying project for people of all ages
I mean I'd watch it Morty for at least 11 minutes a pop, you know, maybe they'll do it board driven
You know, that's a real comforting idea Rick. Ah, what do you know Morty? What do you know?
Oh
Hi guys, I'm your new teacher for scary class. My name is scary mr. Johnson
Actually, you know what that's my dad's name. So why don't you just call me scary Glenn? Yeah
So anyway, I understand your previous teacher was having you work on
fundamentals of fear which is what is that you know, so here's what I say
You can't learn anything until you learn how to chill
This is how you dream bitch
It's a good show